Express limitations in terms of "too little data here" rather than "too much elsewhere" (#140)
tidymodels/TMwR: 05-data-spending.Rmd

## What proportion should be used? 

> The amount of data that should be allocated when splitting the data is highly dependent on the context of the problem at hand. Too little data in the training set handicaps the model's ability to find appropriate parameter estimates. Conversely, too little data in the test set lowers the quality of the performance estimates. There are parts of the statistics community that eschew test sets in general because they believe all of the data should be used for parameter estimation. While there is merit to this argument, it is good modeling practice to have an unbiased set of observations as the final arbiter of model quality. A test set should be avoided only when the data are pathologically small.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The proportion of data that should be allocated for splitting is highly dependent on the context of the problem at hand. Too little data in the training set hampers the model's ability to find appropriate parameter estimates. Conversely, too little data in the test set lowers the quality of the performance estimates. There are parts of the statistics community that eschew test sets in general because they believe all of the data should be used for parameter estimation. While there is merit to this argument, it is good modeling practice to have an unbiased set of observations as the final arbiter of model quality. A test set should be avoided only when the data are pathologically small.
```
